This project was a collaborative effort for 
our Database module, where we developed 
JIMMC (Just-In-Time Management Company), 
an innovative inventory management system 
aimed at improving stock tracking and 
management for businesses.

The system provides several key features to 
streamline inventory processes, including 
real-time updates to track stock levels 
accurately, automated adjustments to ensure
inventory remains optimized, and detailed 
reporting tools to help businesses 
categorize and monitor their products 
efficiently. Additionally, JIMMC offers 
a user-friendly interface, making it easy
for users to manage their inventory while
integrating seamlessly with the underlying 
database for efficient data handling

As part of the project, my role focused on 
application development, ensuring the 
functionality and usability of the system 
through efficient coding and seamless 
integration with the database. This project 
showcases our ability to apply database 
concepts to real-world business solutions.